To test using towers + obstacles:
Make map file using map tool, then type the same file name after starting a new game to load that map.

Saving games works, Loading games... ... not so much.

You can pull up the pause menu by right clicking during a game.
You can change input to keyboard/gamepad in the options menu, however the menus are all still strictly mouse input.

RULES:
Unit Types so far:
1.Standard Unit. Can move two spaces in any direction (to move diagonally would take both moves, ie move horizontally and then vertically). Are allowed inside towers. Start with 8 of them. Rank 2

2.Heavy Unit. Can move one space in any direction. Can only be defeated by another heavy unit or a Kamikaze unit. Cannot be inside towers (they donÅft fit through the door!). Start with 2 of them. Rank 1

3.Light Unit - Can move 3 spaces per turn, cannot attack anything. 3 per team. Rank 3 
Jumping Unit - can only move one space, however can jump over things without spending movement. If there is a line created of enemies, for example, it can use its one movement to hopscotch all of them. Jumping must be in a straight line. Also canÅft get inside towers. Rank 1
	
Units can capture opposing units of equal or higher rank.

You may move 5 pieces per turn. 

Begin the game by placing your units in whatever manner you see fit along your edge of the board. This goes from player to player in a draft-type style, the first player placing 1, the second player two, then the first player two, etc until all units are placed. 

The person who controls the majority of the towers on the board (one half of the towers plus one) for  a continuous duration of 2 turns is the winner. If a tower is destroyed, the original required number of towers does not change. For example, if a game starts with 5 towers and one or two of them are destroyed, you will still need to control 3 towers for 3 consecutive turns to win.

Units can only capture units that are equal to or greater than their rank - i.e. a Heavy unit cannot be captured by any other unit. A light unit can be captured by any unit.


Apologies that all of this is not explicitly stated in game yet.
